   #[1]Phone Arena - Latest News and Articles [2]Phone Arena - Latest
   Reviews [3]Phone Arena - Latest Phones [4]publisher

   [5]x We have placed cookies on your device to make your experience
   better. Find more info [6]here.

   [7]PhoneArena
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   [8]Login [9]Register
     * [10]Home
     * [11]Phones

Carriers
          + [12]Verizon
          + [13]AT&T
          + [14]Sprint
          + [15]T-Mobile
       [16]View all

Manufacturers
          + [17]Samsung
          + [18]Apple
          + [19]LG
          + [20]Sony
          + [21]Motorola
          + [22]HTC
          + [23]Microsoft
          + [24]BlackBerry
       [25]View all

Phone tools
          + [26]Phone finder
          + [27]New phones
          + [28]Popular phones
          + [29]Compare phones
          + [30]Size compare
          + [31]Best phones
          + [32]Camera comparison
          + [33]Benchmarks
     * [34]Tablets

Carriers
          + [35]Verizon
          + [36]AT&T
          + [37]Sprint
          + [38]T-Mobile

Manufacturers
          + [39]Apple
          + [40]Samsung
          + [41]Asus
          + [42]Amazon

Tablet tools
          + [43]Tablet finder
          + [44]New tablets
          + [45]Popular tablets
          + [46]Compare tablets
     * [47]News
     * [48]Reviews
     * [49]Videos
     * [50]Tip us

     * [51]Home
     * [52]Phones
     * [53]Carriers
     * [54]Verizon
     * [55]AT&T
     * [56]Sprint
     * [57]T-Mobile [58]more...
     * [59]Brands
     * [60]Samsung
     * [61]Motorola
     * [62]HTC
     * [63]LG
     * [64]BlackBerry
     * [65]Apple
     * [66]Microsoft [67]more...
     * [68]Tablets
     * [69]Carriers
     * [70]Verizon
     * [71]AT&T
     * [72]Sprint
     * [73]T-Mobile [74]more...
     * [75]Brands
     * [76]Samsung
     * [77]Motorola
     * [78]HTC
     * [79]LG
     * [80]BlackBerry
     * [81]Apple
     * [82]Nokia [83]more...
     * [84]News
     * [85]Reviews
     * [86]Videos
     * [87]Tip us
     * [88]Tools
     * [89]Phone Finder
     * [90]Compare phones
     * [91]Size compare
     * [92]Camera comparison
     * [93]Best phones
     * [94]Discussions
     * [95]Benchmarks

     * Hidden pic [96]Show menu
     * [97]Home
     * ›
     * [98]News
     * ›
     * Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
       Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge

Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the Galaxy S6,
Galaxy S6 edge

   Posted: 10 Feb 2016, 17:56, by Alan F.

   Tags: [99]Samsung[100]-[101]Samsung[102]+
   [103]Android[104]-[105]Android[106]+ [107]Software
   updates[108]-[109]Software updates[110]+
   Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   A leaked Consumer Consultant Guide meant for the eyes of Samsung
   employees only, reveals the capabilities of the [111]Samsung Galaxy S6
   and [112]Samsung Galaxy S6 edge once the two handsets are updated to
   Android 6.0. The file contains information about some of the new
   features that Android 6.0 is bringing to Android handsets.
   For example, Doze is a feature that puts your handset into a deep sleep
   state after it is inactive for a spell. Apps are prevented from running
   in the background. Phone calls and SMS messages will wake up your
   phone, but otherwise the unit will be sleeping and saving battery life.
   Google Now On Tap will bring you search results based on the content
   that is on the screen. Another new feature coming with Android 6.0
   allows users to approve permissions for apps on a
   permission-by-permission basis. And don't forget the new collection of
   emoji that will available once the update is installed on your Android
   device.
   More specifically, the file reveals that the lock screen clock on both
   the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge will be centered after the update.
   Speaking of the lock screen, the icons are given more color, and Galaxy
   S6 edge users will be able to make a number of changes to the Edge
   screen from settings. In Power Savings Mode, the notifications bar will
   be in gray.
   Check out the leaked Samsung Consumer Consultant Guide to find more new
   features that Marshmallow is bringing to both the Galaxy S6 and the
   Galaxy S6 edge. All you need to do is click on the slideshow below.



Popular galleries

   [113]Operational Samsung Galaxy S7 leaks in new brief video & pics,
   microSD card slot confirmed

[114]Operational Samsung Galaxy S7 leaks in new brief video & pics, microSD
card slot confirmed

   [115]Samsung's Android Marshmallow update brings new browser and Cross
   App split-screen mode for chats

[116]Samsung's Android Marshmallow update brings new browser and Cross App
split-screen mode for chats

   [117]Teaser: Samsung Galaxy S7 unboxed by a llama and a 4 year old kid
   (for real)

[118]Teaser: Samsung Galaxy S7 unboxed by a llama and a 4 year old kid (for
real)

   [119]5 important features that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 are both
   expected to have

[120]5 important features that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 are both
expected to have

   [121]New Samsung Galaxy J7 pops up in FCC, the 4,300 mAh battery rumor
   dies

[122]New Samsung Galaxy J7 pops up in FCC, the 4,300 mAh battery rumor dies

   [123]iPhone 7 concept renders show what it might look like without a
   headphone jack

[124]iPhone 7 concept renders show what it might look like without a
headphone jack

   [125]Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2016

[126]Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2016

   [127]Beware of fake microSD cards! Here's how to tell a counterfeit
   from the original

[128]Beware of fake microSD cards! Here's how to tell a counterfeit from the
original

   [129]5 unique phone accessories you never knew you needed

[130]5 unique phone accessories you never knew you needed

   [131]Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow pushed to Galaxy S6 edge and edge+ in
   South Korea, here are the new features

[132]Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow pushed to Galaxy S6 edge and edge+ in South
Korea, here are the new features

   FIT
   [loading-dark.gif] [loading-dark.gif]
   [133]100%[134]-[135]+
   [136]‹ PREV
   1 of 21
   [137]NEXT ›
   [138]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [139]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [140]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [141]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [142]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [143]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [144]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [145]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [146]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [147]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [148]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [149]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [150]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [151]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [152]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [153]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [154]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [155]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [156]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [157]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [158]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge
   image
   [159]‹ Prev [160]Next
   [161]View As One Page »
   [162]View As Slideshow »

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

   source: [163]SamMobile via [164]SlashGear

Share:

   [165]Facebook [166]Twitter [167]Google plus

[168][Deal-get-an-unlocked-32GB-LG-G4-at-349.99-from-B-H.jpg] Deal: get an
unlocked 32GB LG G4 at $349.99 from B&H 10 Feb
Prev news

[169][Microsoft-seals-deal-with-Acer-to-pre-install-apps-on-Android-phones-an
d-tablets.jpg] Microsoft seals deal with Acer to pre-install apps on Android
phones and 10 Feb
Next news

   [170]Close [171]newer posts

[172]BlackBerry 10 users receive update to Android Runtime to fix bug
BlackBerry 10 users receive update to Android Runtime to fix bug 10 Feb

[173]Samsung out, TSMC to be the sole manufacturer of iPhone 7 processors
Samsung out, TSMC to be the sole manufacturer of iPhone 7 processors 10 Feb

[174]Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Paul McCartney provides vocals and music for Skype's
love-themed Mojis Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Paul McCartney provides vocals and music
for Skype's 10 Feb

[175]Microsoft seals deal with Acer to pre-install apps on Android phones and
tablets Microsoft seals deal with Acer to pre-install apps on Android phones
and 10 Feb

   Now reading: Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features
   for the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge

[176]Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0
features for the Galaxy 10 Feb

[177]Deal: get an unlocked 32GB LG G4 at $349.99 from B&H Deal: get an
unlocked 32GB LG G4 at $349.99 from B&H 10 Feb

[178]New Windows 10 Mobile build 10586.107 is pushed out to insiders New
Windows 10 Mobile build 10586.107 is pushed out to insiders 10 Feb

[179]Alcatel OneTouch Idol 4S to be sold with a VR headset in the box Alcatel
OneTouch Idol 4S to be sold with a VR headset in the box 10 Feb

[180]Leaked LG G5 Geekbench result hints at high-end performance Leaked LG G5
Geekbench result hints at high-end performance 10 Feb

[181]Essential tips and tricks that will improve your iPhone's battery life
(all iOS versions) Essential tips and tricks that will improve your iPhone's
battery life 10 Feb

   [182]older posts

Related phones

   [183][Samsung-Galaxy-S6.jpg]

[184]Samsung Galaxy S6

     * [185]Specifications
     * [186]News (522)
     * [187]Review 9.3
     * [188]User Rev. (49) 9.2

     * [189]Discussions (0)
     * [190]Photos
     * [191]Size it
     * [192]360°
     * [193]Manual

   [194][Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge.jpg]

[195]Samsung Galaxy S6 edge

     * [196]Specifications
     * [197]News (347)
     * [198]Review 9.3
     * [199]User Rev. (28) 8.8

     * [200]Discussions (0)
     * [201]Photos
     * [202]Size it
     * 360°
     * [203]Manual

Related News

     *
    [204]It took Samsung nearly 4 months and a half to update its flagship
       phone to the latest version of Android
       [It-took-Samsung-nearly-4-months-and-a-half-to-update-its-flagship-
       phone-to-the-latest-version-of-Android.jpg]
     *
    [205]Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow pushed to Galaxy S6 edge and edge+ in
       South Korea, here are the new features
       [Android-6.0.1-Marshmallow-pushed-to-Galaxy-S6-edge-and-edge-in-Sou
       th-Korea-here-are-the-new-features.jpg]
     *
    [206]Apple and Samsung dominated 71% of the US smartphone market in
       2015
       [Apple-and-Samsung-dominated-71-of-the-US-smartphone-market-in-2015
       .jpg]
     *
    [207]Deal: Buy a Samsung Galaxy S6 or Note 5 from AT&T, get another S6
       for free
       [Deal-Buy-a-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-or-Note-5-from-AT-T-get-another-S6-fo
       r-free.jpg]
     *
    [208]Android 6 Marshmallow is en route to Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6
       edge, confirms carrier
       [Android-6-Marshmallow-is-en-route-to-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-and-S6-edge
       -confirms-carrier.jpg]
     *
    [209]An unlocked Samsung Galaxy S6 now goes for just $450 on Amazon
       [An-unlocked-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-now-goes-for-just-450-on-Amazon.jpg]
     *

20 Comments

   [210]Follow [211]Following
     * [212]Options
       [213]Close Show comments: [default________________]
       Display mode: [Threaded_____]
       (BUTTON) Save

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 18:15 6
   [214]Reply

1. [215]Unordinary (Posts: 361; Member since: 04 Nov 2015)

     Innovative

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 18:47 1
   [216]Reply

2. [217]aegislash (Posts: 121; Member since: 27 Jan 2015)

     Honestly though...I love Samsung and have had every Galaxy since the
     original S, but they barely do anything that is **innovative** in
     any way. Just gimmicky features that most people don't bother using.

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 18:59 12
   [218]Reply

3. [219]Jason2k13 (Posts: 1028; Member since: 28 Mar 2013)

     So what company can you name that has been innovative and explain?

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 19:12 12
   [220]Reply

5. [221]doejon (Posts: 394; Member since: 31 Jul 2012)

     lol but sammy is the only company who even try to innovate.. other
     make nothing...

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 19:38 6
   [222]Reply

6. [223]Macready (Posts: 579; Member since: 08 Dec 2014)

     Personally, I love many of those "gimmicky" features as I use them
     quite a bit. Which is why I'm always frustrated using vanilla
     Android (Nexus), close to Vanilla (Moto) and still rather basic
     skins like Sony's. So many things that I use are missing on those...

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 20:15 7
   [224]Reply

7. [225]TerryTerius (Posts: 819; Member since: 10 Apr 2014)

     I honestly don't see how the worlds first curved display or flexible
     phones aren't innovative.
     And even then, you not personally using a feature doesn't mean that
     no one does. I used that edge screen constantly on the S6 edge, and
     for the brief time I had it used the S pen on the note 5 every day
     largely due to my job. But yes, as was asked… What companies are
     actually doing anything innovative? HTC? LG? Sony? Huawei? Oppo?
     Motorola?
     Higher resolution screens and improved overall internals aren't
     exactly innovative. That's refinement & iteration.

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 20:21 0
   [226]Reply

18. [227]darkkjedii (Posts: 18460; Member since: 05 Feb 2011)

     Gimmicky is the new innovative. At least Samsung believes in the
     "throw it at the wall and see what sticks" approach. AKA risk
     taking.

   posted on 12 Feb 2016, 09:29 0
   [228]Reply

20. [229]Lboogey6 (Posts: 279; Member since: 31 Jan 2012)

     lol guys c'mon they were definitely kidding

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 19:07 0
   [230]Reply

4. [231]cwarthem (Posts: 3; Member since: 28 Jul 2010)

     cant wait till my note 5 receive it

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 21:30 0
   [232]Reply

8. [233]torr310 (Posts: 694; Member since: 27 Oct 2011)

     Unlockable Bootloaders killed the fun of having highly customizable
     Android phones.

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 21:34 0
   [234]Reply

9. [235]torr310 (Posts: 694; Member since: 27 Oct 2011)

     Even there was existence of Develop versions of phones but they are
     not supported if they did not sell well. Developers would prefer
     exploiting the phones with most people using, because the more
     donations they would be getting.

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 21:45 1
   [236]Reply

10. [237]martinjhm271 (Posts: 36; Member since: 16 Aug 2015)

     the best app that samsung have been done is game tuner

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 08:42 0
   [238]Reply

17. [239]LikeMyself (Posts: 415; Member since: 23 Sep 2013)

     Me too!

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 21:56 2
   [240]Reply

11. [241]nodes (Posts: 539; Member since: 06 Mar 2014)

     so innovative, very center clock, man.

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 23:01 0
   [242]Reply

12. [243]Norris (Posts: 79; Member since: 26 Jun 2015)

     This is why they took so much time to update.,

   posted on 10 Feb 2016, 23:24 1
   [244]Reply

13. [245]fiji.siv (Posts: 18; Member since: 25 Nov 2015)

     So basically, with Android 6.0 GS6 is getting Android 6.0 features.
     Shocking.

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 03:45 1
   [246]Reply

14. [247]alligator (Posts: 4; Member since: 09 Jan 2016)

     Doze could be the real benefit in 6.0. Can't deny that the battery
     life is the only thing which I don't like in my phone. At least
     20-30% are lost only in standby mode when many apps like Facebook,
     Gmail, etc. are syncing permanently. The other adveirtised stuff
     will be used probably by less than 10% of the users.

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 05:06 0
   [248]Reply

15. [249]rd_nest (Posts: 1481; Member since: 06 Jun 2010)

     Better use some other 3rd party Facebook app. The official app from
     facebook, as well as G+ are wakelock nightmares. They destroy
     standby time of any phone.

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 23:41 0
   [250]Reply

19. [251]nodes (Posts: 539; Member since: 06 Mar 2014)

     just uninstall all 3rd party apps then, your phone will last much
     longer.
     and yes, it will not be different than your $50 feature phone too.

   posted on 11 Feb 2016, 08:31 0
   [252]Reply

16. [253]jeevanand88 (Posts: 2; Member since: 11 Feb 2016)

     there is no defualt finger print lock for the applications we
     installed in the device??! for Example, gallery should be accessed
     after passing finger print security..

            Want to comment? Please [254]login or [255]register.

     Hidden pic [256]Show menu

     [257]Home

     ›

     [258]News

     ›

     Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge

   Internal Samsung file leaks revealing Android 6.0 features for the
   Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge

Popular stories

   [259]Spoiler alert: Galaxy S7 renders pop up, show front and back in
   two different colors

[260]Spoiler alert: Galaxy S7 renders pop up, show front and back in two
different colors

   [261]This might be the biggest LG G5 leak: phone leaks in flesh and
   blood, listed for sale on a Dubai website

[262]This might be the biggest LG G5 leak: phone leaks in flesh and blood,
listed for sale on a Dubai website

   [263]Did Japan Display just confirm a waterproof Apple iPhone 7?

[264]Did Japan Display just confirm a waterproof Apple iPhone 7?

   [265]Galaxy Note 6 may ship with 5.8" display, 6 GB RAM and 12 MP
   camera

[266]Galaxy Note 6 may ship with 5.8" display, 6 GB RAM and 12 MP camera

   [267]The Freedom 251 is a quad-core Android smartphone that costs as
   much as a cup of coffee

[268]The Freedom 251 is a quad-core Android smartphone that costs as much as
a cup of coffee

   [269]Claimed Galaxy S7 Edge pops up with prices and box contents

[270]Claimed Galaxy S7 Edge pops up with prices and box contents

   [271]New Samsung Galaxy S7 edge renders show three color variants,
   front and rear sides

[272]New Samsung Galaxy S7 edge renders show three color variants, front and
rear sides

   [273]Operational Samsung Galaxy S7 leaks in new brief video & pics,
   microSD card slot confirmed

[274]Operational Samsung Galaxy S7 leaks in new brief video & pics, microSD
card slot confirmed

   [275]Teaser: Samsung Galaxy S7 unboxed by a llama and a 4 year old kid
   (for real)

[276]Teaser: Samsung Galaxy S7 unboxed by a llama and a 4 year old kid (for
real)

Latest stories


   [277]1 [278]2

Interesting stories

Best Chinese Android smartphones

   [Best-Chinese-Android-smartphones-February-2016.jpg]

16 best first person shooters for Android and iPhone

   [16-Best-FPSTPS-first--and-third-person-shooter-games-for-Android-iPhon
   e-and-iPad-2016.jpg]

This is why you should buy genuine accessories

   [Fake-capacity-power-banks-exposed-or-why-you-should-buy-genuine-access
   ories.jpg]

Best smartwatches, wearables and fitness bands (February 2016)

   [Best-smartwatches-wearables-and-fitness-bands-February-2016.jpg]

Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2016

   [Best-smartphones-you-can-buy-right-now-February-2016.jpg]

Beware of fake microSD cards

   [Beware-of-fake-microSD-cards-Heres-how-to-tell-a-counterfeit-from-the-
   original.jpg]

Verizon vs AT&T vs T-Mobile vs Sprint: data plans and phone payments compared

   [Verizon-vs-AT-T-vs-T-Mobile-vs-Sprint-data-plans-and-phone-payments-co
   mpared.jpg]

Best iPhone camera apps

   [Best-iPhone-camera-photo-and-video-editing-apps-2016-edition.jpg]

     * [279]Home
     * [280]Manufacturers
     * [281]Carriers
     * [282]News
     * [283]Reviews

     * [284]Discussions
     * [285]Videos

   PhoneArena network:
   CDN services by:[286] content distribution network
   Affiliates: [287]Cell Phone Accessories, [288]PubGalaxy
   ____________________ [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)___
   [289]About Us . [290]Advertise . [291]Contact Us . [292]Database
   Licensing . [293]Links . [294]Jobs
   All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are
   Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved.
   Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without
   written permission is prohibited!
   [295]Privacy . [296]Terms of use . [297]Cookies . [298]Team
   [299]View mobile version

References

   Visible links
   1. http://www.phonearena.com/feed/news
   2. http://www.phonearena.com/feed/reviews
   3. http://www.phonearena.com/feed/new-phones
   4. https://plus.google.com/102163340143270457880
   5. javascript:;
   6. http://www.phonearena.com/cookies
   7. http://www.phonearena.com/
   8. http://www.phonearena.com/login
   9. http://www.phonearena.com/login
  10. http://www.phonearena.com/
  11. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  12. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Verizon
  13. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/AT&T
  14. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Sprint
  15. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/T-Mobile
  16. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
  17. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Samsung
  18. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Apple
  19. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/LG
  20. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Sony
  21. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Motorola
  22. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/HTC
  23. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Microsoft
  24. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/BlackBerry
  25. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
  26. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  27. http://www.phonearena.com/new-phones
  28. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/sort/popular
  29. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  30. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/size
  31. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/best
  32. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/camera
  33. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/benchmarks
  34. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Class/Tablet
  35. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Verizon/tablets
  36. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/AT&T/tablets
  37. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Sprint/tablets
  38. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/T-Mobile/tablets
  39. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Apple/tablets
  40. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Samsung/tablets
  41. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Asus/tablets
  42. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Amazon/tablets
  43. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Class/Tablet
  44. http://www.phonearena.com/tablets/new-phones
  45. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Class/Tablet/sort/popular
  46. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Class/Tablet
  47. http://www.phonearena.com/news
  48. http://www.phonearena.com/reviews
  49. http://www.phonearena.com/videos
  50. http://www.phonearena.com/tipus
  51. http://www.phonearena.com/
  52. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  53. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
  54. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Verizon
  55. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/AT&T
  56. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Sprint
  57. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/T-Mobile
  58. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
  59. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
  60. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Samsung
  61. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Motorola
  62. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/HTC
  63. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/LG
  64. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/BlackBerry
  65. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Apple
  66. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Microsoft
  67. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
  68. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Class/Tablet
  69. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
  70. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Verizon/tablets
  71. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/AT&T/tablets
  72. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/Sprint/tablets
  73. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers/T-Mobile/tablets
  74. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
  75. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
  76. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Samsung/tablets
  77. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Motorola/tablets
  78. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/HTC/tablets
  79. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/LG/tablets
  80. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/BlackBerry/tablets
  81. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Apple/tablets
  82. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers/Nokia/tablets
  83. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
  84. http://www.phonearena.com/news
  85. http://www.phonearena.com/reviews
  86. http://www.phonearena.com/videos
  87. http://www.phonearena.com/tipus
  88. javascript:;
  89. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  90. http://www.phonearena.com/phones
  91. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/size
  92. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/camera
  93. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/best
  94. http://www.phonearena.com/discussions
  95. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/benchmarks
  96. javascript:;
  97. http://www.phonearena.com/
  98. http://www.phonearena.com/news
  99. http://www.phonearena.com/samsung
 100. javascript:;
 101. http://www.phonearena.com/samsung
 102. javascript:;
 103. http://www.phonearena.com/android
 104. javascript:;
 105. http://www.phonearena.com/android
 106. javascript:;
 107. http://www.phonearena.com/software+updates
 108. javascript:;
 109. http://www.phonearena.com/software+updates
 110. javascript:;
 111. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997
 112. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193
 113. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Operational-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-leaks-in-new-brief-video---pics-microSD-card-slot-confirmed_id78412
 114. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Operational-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-leaks-in-new-brief-video---pics-microSD-card-slot-confirmed_id78412
 115. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Samsungs-Android-Marshmallow-update-brings-new-browser-and-Cross-App-split-screen-mode-for-chats_id78408
 116. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Samsungs-Android-Marshmallow-update-brings-new-browser-and-Cross-App-split-screen-mode-for-chats_id78408
 117. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Teaser-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-unboxed-by-a-llama-and-a-4-year-old-kid-for-real_id78395
 118. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Teaser-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-unboxed-by-a-llama-and-a-4-year-old-kid-for-real_id78395
 119. http://www.phonearena.com/news/5-important-features-that-the-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-and-LG-G5-are-both-expected-to-have_id78325
 120. http://www.phonearena.com/news/5-important-features-that-the-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-and-LG-G5-are-both-expected-to-have_id78325
 121. http://www.phonearena.com/news/New-Samsung-Galaxy-J7-pops-up-in-FCC-the-4300-mAh-battery-rumor-dies_id78419
 122. http://www.phonearena.com/news/New-Samsung-Galaxy-J7-pops-up-in-FCC-the-4300-mAh-battery-rumor-dies_id78419
 123. http://www.phonearena.com/news/iPhone-7-concept-renders-show-what-it-might-look-like-without-a-headphone-jack_id78353
 124. http://www.phonearena.com/news/iPhone-7-concept-renders-show-what-it-might-look-like-without-a-headphone-jack_id78353
 125. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-smartphones-you-can-buy-right-now-February-2016_id64576
 126. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-smartphones-you-can-buy-right-now-February-2016_id64576
 127. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Beware-of-fake-microSD-cards-Heres-how-to-tell-a-counterfeit-from-the-original_id77769
 128. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Beware-of-fake-microSD-cards-Heres-how-to-tell-a-counterfeit-from-the-original_id77769
 129. http://www.phonearena.com/news/5-unique-phone-accessories-you-never-knew-you-needed_id78383
 130. http://www.phonearena.com/news/5-unique-phone-accessories-you-never-knew-you-needed_id78383
 131. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6.0.1-Marshmallow-pushed-to-Galaxy-S6-edge-and-edge-in-South-Korea-here-are-the-new-features_id78330
 132. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6.0.1-Marshmallow-pushed-to-Galaxy-S6-edge-and-edge-in-South-Korea-here-are-the-new-features_id78330
 133. javascript:;
 134. javascript:;
 135. javascript:;
 136. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 137. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 138. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#1-
 139. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#2-
 140. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#3-
 141. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#4-
 142. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#5-
 143. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#6-
 144. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#7-
 145. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#8-
 146. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#9-
 147. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#10-
 148. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#11-
 149. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#12-
 150. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#13-
 151. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#14-
 152. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#15-
 153. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#16-
 154. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#17-
 155. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#18-
 156. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#19-
 157. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#20-
 158. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214#21-
 159. javascript:;
 160. javascript:;
 161. javascript:;
 162. javascript:;
 163. http://www.sammobile.com/2016/02/10/download-heres-the-galaxy-s6-and-s6-edge-marshmallow-consumer-guide/
 164. http://www.slashgear.com/samsung-galaxy-s6-android-marshmallow-guide-revealed-10426394/
 165. https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 166. http://twitter.com/share
 167. https://plus.google.com/share?url=http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 168. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Deal-get-an-unlocked-32GB-LG-G4-at-349.99-from-B-H_id78215
 169. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Microsoft-seals-deal-with-Acer-to-pre-install-apps-on-Android-phones-and-tablets_id78213
 170. javascript:;
 171. javascript:;
 172. http://www.phonearena.com/news/BlackBerry-10-users-receive-update-to-Android-Runtime-to-fix-bug_id78219
 173. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Samsung-out-TSMC-to-be-the-sole-manufacturer-of-iPhone-7-processors_id78218
 174. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Yeah-Yeah-Yeah-Paul-McCartney-provides-vocals-and-music-for-Skypes-love-themed-Mojis_id78216
 175. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Microsoft-seals-deal-with-Acer-to-pre-install-apps-on-Android-phones-and-tablets_id78213
 176. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 177. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Deal-get-an-unlocked-32GB-LG-G4-at-349.99-from-B-H_id78215
 178. http://www.phonearena.com/news/New-Windows-10-Mobile-build-10586.107-is-pushed-out-to-insiders_id78212
 179. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Alcatel-OneTouch-Idol-4S-to-be-sold-with-a-VR-headset-in-the-box_id78211
 180. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Leaked-LG-G5-Geekbench-result-hints-at-high-end-performance_id78210
 181. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Essential-tips-and-tricks-that-will-improve-your-iPhones-battery-life-all-iOS-versions_id78191
 182. javascript:;
 183. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997
 184. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997
 185. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997
 186. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/news
 187. http://www.phonearena.com/reviews/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-Review_id3965
 188. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/reviews
 189. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/discussions
 190. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/photos
 191. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/size
 192. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/360
 193. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6_id8997/manual
 194. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193
 195. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193
 196. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193
 197. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/news
 198. http://www.phonearena.com/reviews/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge-Review_id3966
 199. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/reviews
 200. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/discussions
 201. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/photos
 202. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/size
 203. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/Samsung-Galaxy-S6-edge_id9193/manual
 204. http://www.phonearena.com/news/It-took-Samsung-nearly-4-months-and-a-half-to-update-its-flagship-phone-to-the-latest-version-of-Android_id78344
 205. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6.0.1-Marshmallow-pushed-to-Galaxy-S6-edge-and-edge-in-South-Korea-here-are-the-new-features_id78330
 206. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Apple-and-Samsung-dominated-71-of-the-US-smartphone-market-in-2015_id78232
 207. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Deal-Buy-a-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-or-Note-5-from-AT-T-get-another-S6-for-free_id78203
 208. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6-Marshmallow-is-en-route-to-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-and-S6-edge-confirms-carrier_id78150
 209. http://www.phonearena.com/news/An-unlocked-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-now-goes-for-just-450-on-Amazon_id78133
 210. javascript:;
 211. javascript:;
 212. javascript:;
 213. javascript:;
 214. javascript:;
 215. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Unordinary
 216. javascript:;
 217. http://www.phonearena.com/user/aegislash
 218. javascript:;
 219. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Jason2k13
 220. javascript:;
 221. http://www.phonearena.com/user/doejon
 222. javascript:;
 223. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Macready
 224. javascript:;
 225. http://www.phonearena.com/user/TerryTerius
 226. javascript:;
 227. http://www.phonearena.com/user/darkkjedii
 228. javascript:;
 229. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Lboogey6
 230. javascript:;
 231. http://www.phonearena.com/user/cwarthem
 232. javascript:;
 233. http://www.phonearena.com/user/torr310
 234. javascript:;
 235. http://www.phonearena.com/user/torr310
 236. javascript:;
 237. http://www.phonearena.com/user/martinjhm271
 238. javascript:;
 239. http://www.phonearena.com/user/LikeMyself
 240. javascript:;
 241. http://www.phonearena.com/user/nodes
 242. javascript:;
 243. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Norris
 244. javascript:;
 245. http://www.phonearena.com/user/fiji.siv
 246. javascript:;
 247. http://www.phonearena.com/user/alligator
 248. javascript:;
 249. http://www.phonearena.com/user/rd_nest
 250. javascript:;
 251. http://www.phonearena.com/user/nodes
 252. javascript:;
 253. http://www.phonearena.com/user/jeevanand88
 254. javascript:;
 255. javascript:;
 256. javascript:;
 257. http://www.phonearena.com/
 258. http://www.phonearena.com/news
 259. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Spoiler-alert-Galaxy-S7-renders-pop-up-show-front-and-back-in-two-different-colors_id78316
 260. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Spoiler-alert-Galaxy-S7-renders-pop-up-show-front-and-back-in-two-different-colors_id78316
 261. http://www.phonearena.com/news/This-might-be-the-biggest-LG-G5-leak-phone-leaks-in-flesh-and-blood-listed-for-sale-on-a-Dubai-website_id78368
 262. http://www.phonearena.com/news/This-might-be-the-biggest-LG-G5-leak-phone-leaks-in-flesh-and-blood-listed-for-sale-on-a-Dubai-website_id78368
 263. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Did-Japan-Display-just-confirm-a-waterproof-Apple-iPhone-7_id78309
 264. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Did-Japan-Display-just-confirm-a-waterproof-Apple-iPhone-7_id78309
 265. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Galaxy-Note-6-may-ship-with-5.8-display-6-GB-RAM-and-12-MP-camera_id78287
 266. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Galaxy-Note-6-may-ship-with-5.8-display-6-GB-RAM-and-12-MP-camera_id78287
 267. http://www.phonearena.com/news/The-Freedom-251-is-a-quad-core-Android-smartphone-that-costs-as-much-as-a-cup-of-coffee_id78411
 268. http://www.phonearena.com/news/The-Freedom-251-is-a-quad-core-Android-smartphone-that-costs-as-much-as-a-cup-of-coffee_id78411
 269. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Claimed-Galaxy-S7-Edge-pops-up-with-prices-and-box-contents_id78373
 270. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Claimed-Galaxy-S7-Edge-pops-up-with-prices-and-box-contents_id78373
 271. http://www.phonearena.com/news/New-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-edge-renders-show-three-color-variants-front-and-rear-sides_id78312
 272. http://www.phonearena.com/news/New-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-edge-renders-show-three-color-variants-front-and-rear-sides_id78312
 273. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Operational-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-leaks-in-new-brief-video---pics-microSD-card-slot-confirmed_id78412
 274. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Operational-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-leaks-in-new-brief-video---pics-microSD-card-slot-confirmed_id78412
 275. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Teaser-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-unboxed-by-a-llama-and-a-4-year-old-kid-for-real_id78395
 276. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Teaser-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-unboxed-by-a-llama-and-a-4-year-old-kid-for-real_id78395
 277. javascript:;
 278. javascript:;
 279. http://www.phonearena.com/
 280. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/manufacturers
 281. http://www.phonearena.com/phones/carriers
 282. http://www.phonearena.com/news
 283. http://www.phonearena.com/reviews
 284. http://www.phonearena.com/discussions
 285. http://www.phonearena.com/videos
 286. http://www.maxcdn.com/
 287. http://www.sfplanet.com/
 288. http://www.pubgalaxy.com/
 289. http://www.phonearena.com/aboutus
 290. http://www.phonearena.com/advertise
 291. http://www.phonearena.com/contacts
 292. http://www.phonearena.com/database
 293. http://www.phonearena.com/links
 294. http://www.phonearena.com/jobs
 295. http://www.phonearena.com/privacy
 296. http://www.phonearena.com/terms_of_use
 297. http://www.phonearena.com/cookies
 298. http://www.phonearena.com/team
 299. http://www.phonearena.com/?switch-version=mobile&r=/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214

   Hidden links:
 301. javascript:;
 302. javascript:;
 303. javascript:;
 304. javascript:;
 305. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227412-image/cg-a.png
 306. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227413-image/cg-b.png
 307. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227414-image/cg-c.png
 308. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227415-image/cg-d.png
 309. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227416-image/cg-e.png
 310. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227417-image/cg-f.png
 311. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227418-image/cg-g.png
 312. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227419-image/cg-h.png
 313. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227420-image/cg-i.png
 314. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227421-image/cg-j.png
 315. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227422-image/cg-k.png
 316. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227423-image/cg-l.png
 317. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227424-image/cg-m.png
 318. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227425-image/cg-n.png
 319. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227426-image/cg-o.png
 320. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227427-image/cg-p.png
 321. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227428-image/cg-q.png
 322. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227429-image/cg-r.png
 323. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227430-image/cg-s.png
 324. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227431-image/cg-t.png
 325. http://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/227432-image/cg-u.png
 326. javascript:;
 327. http://www.phonearena.com/news/It-took-Samsung-nearly-4-months-and-a-half-to-update-its-flagship-phone-to-the-latest-version-of-Android_id78344
 328. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6.0.1-Marshmallow-pushed-to-Galaxy-S6-edge-and-edge-in-South-Korea-here-are-the-new-features_id78330
 329. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Apple-and-Samsung-dominated-71-of-the-US-smartphone-market-in-2015_id78232
 330. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Deal-Buy-a-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-or-Note-5-from-AT-T-get-another-S6-for-free_id78203
 331. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Android-6-Marshmallow-is-en-route-to-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-and-S6-edge-confirms-carrier_id78150
 332. http://www.phonearena.com/news/An-unlocked-Samsung-Galaxy-S6-now-goes-for-just-450-on-Amazon_id78133
 333. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Unordinary
 334. http://www.phonearena.com/user/aegislash
 335. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Jason2k13
 336. http://www.phonearena.com/user/doejon
 337. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Macready
 338. http://www.phonearena.com/user/TerryTerius
 339. http://www.phonearena.com/user/darkkjedii
 340. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Lboogey6
 341. http://www.phonearena.com/user/cwarthem
 342. http://www.phonearena.com/user/torr310
 343. http://www.phonearena.com/user/torr310
 344. http://www.phonearena.com/user/martinjhm271
 345. http://www.phonearena.com/user/LikeMyself
 346. http://www.phonearena.com/user/nodes
 347. http://www.phonearena.com/user/Norris
 348. http://www.phonearena.com/user/fiji.siv
 349. http://www.phonearena.com/user/alligator
 350. http://www.phonearena.com/user/rd_nest
 351. http://www.phonearena.com/user/nodes
 352. http://www.phonearena.com/user/jeevanand88
 353. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-Chinese-Android-smartphones-February-2016_id63180
 354. http://www.phonearena.com/news/16-Best-FPSTPS-first--and-third-person-shooter-games-for-Android-iPhone-and-iPad-2016_id62894
 355. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Fake-capacity-power-banks-exposed-or-why-you-should-buy-genuine-accessories_id78146
 356. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-smartwatches-wearables-and-fitness-bands-February-2016_id75001
 357. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-smartphones-you-can-buy-right-now-February-2016_id64576
 358. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Beware-of-fake-microSD-cards-Heres-how-to-tell-a-counterfeit-from-the-original_id77769
 359. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Verizon-vs-AT-T-vs-T-Mobile-vs-Sprint-data-plans-and-phone-payments-compared_id77601
 360. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Best-iPhone-camera-photo-and-video-editing-apps-2016-edition_id58542
 361. http://www.phonearena.com/news/Internal-Samsung-file-leaks-revealing-Android-6.0-features-for-the-Galaxy-S6-Galaxy-S6-edge_id78214
 362. http://www.phonearena.com/
 363. http://www.meetgadget.com/
 364. https://plus.google.com/102163340143270457880/posts
 365. http://www.youtube.com/phonearena
 366. http://www.phonearena.com/feed
 367. http://www.facebook.com/PhoneArena
 368. http://www.twitter.com/phonearena
